README.md, before:

# 42push_swap [![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/xdec0de/42push_swap/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/xdec0de/42push_swap)
42 project "push_swap", code follows the norm used at 42.

## Testing push_swap - check.sh

The `check.sh` script is provided to easily **test** and **debug** push_swap.
This is **not** a tester, but rather a tool used to see if push_swap is sorting
numbers correctly. It does the following:

- Generate a random array of non repeated numbers, saving it on `check/numbers`.
- Execute push_swap with said array, saving the output on `check/operations`.
- Display the amount of movements made by push_swap.
- Validate the output with **checker_linux**.

Please do not use this script to be lazy on evaluations. You can use it to see
the amount of movements done by push_swap upon evaluation when you have
**already checked manually for input errors**. This script is an automation of
an otherwise manual an tedious work, not an all-in-one solution.

### Before you run the script

For obvious reasons, the actual checker (Made by 42) is not provided on this
repository. As a 42 student, you must download it and put it on the root folder
of your project. The expected name of the checker is **checker_linux**. Changing
its name will cause the script to fail, as it will attempt to execute it. It
must also have execution permissions, obviously.

### Script usage

You can execute the script as follows: `./check.sh number_amount
max_number`. Arguments are optional, but this is what they do:

- number_amount: The amount of numbers to generate (Default: 10)
- max_number: The maximum number allowed on the random list (Default: 50000)

### Files generated by the script

A [visualizer](https://saadloukili.github.io/Push-Swap-Visualizer/) can be
used to see how push_swap is sorting the numbers. Upon execution, the script
will generate two files:

- `check/numbers`: Containing the numbers used.
- `check/operations`: Containing all operations provided by push_swap.

These files can be used on the linked visualizer directly, enjoy.

Commit message:

Readme: Documented the new valgrind feature (check.sh)

README.md, after:

# 42push_swap [![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/xdec0de/42push_swap/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/xdec0de/42push_swap)
42 project "push_swap", code follows the norm used at 42.

## Testing push_swap - check.sh

The `check.sh` script is provided to easily **test** and **debug** push_swap.
This is **not** a tester, but rather a tool used to see if push_swap is sorting
numbers correctly. It does the following:

- Generate a random array of non repeated numbers, saving it on `check/numbers`.
- Execute push_swap with said array, saving the output on `check/operations`.
- Display the amount of movements made by push_swap.
- Validate the output with **checker_linux**.
- Optionally check for leaks with Valgrind, saving logs on `check/valgrind`.

Please do not use this script to be lazy on evaluations. You can use it to see
the amount of movements done by push_swap upon evaluation when you have
**already checked manually for input errors**. This script is an automation of
an otherwise manual an tedious work, not an all-in-one solution.

### Before you run the script

For obvious reasons, the actual checker (Made by 42) is not provided on this
repository. As a 42 student, you must download it and put it on the root folder
of your project. The expected name of the checker is **checker_linux**. Changing
its name will cause the script to fail, as it will attempt to execute it. It
must also have execution permissions, obviously.

### Script usage

You can execute the script as follows: `./check.sh number_amount
max_number`. Arguments are optional, but this is what they do:

- number_amount: The amount of numbers to generate (Default: 10)
- max_number: The maximum number allowed on the random list (Default: 50000)

### Valgrind check

This script will also optionally run Valgrind. To do so, you just need to
use the `-vg` flag. So for example `./check.sh 100 200 -vg`. This will
check for leaks on your push_swap execution and will create a log file
`check/valgrind` with the output provided by valgrind. You obviously need
to have valgrind installed on your system to use this feature.

_You should not depend only on this check to see if your program contains
leaks, as check.sh only executes push_swap with valid input. Leaks are
still possible with invalid input, depends on how your push_swap is coded_

### Files generated by the script

A [visualizer](https://saadloukili.github.io/Push-Swap-Visualizer/) can be
used to see how push_swap is sorting the numbers. Upon execution, the script
will generate the following files files:

- `check/numbers`: Containing the numbers used.
- `check/operations`: Containing all operations provided by push_swap.
- `check/valgrind`: Containing valgraind logs (If valgrind is enabled)

The first two files can be used on the linked visualizer directly, enjoy.
